
Group member names:
  Jordan Detweiler
  Tyler Iles
  Matthew McLamb
  Reiley Meeks
  
Group Ideas:

    Jordan Detweiler:
        List the source of and describe at least 4 potential data sets:
        
              https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/search/dataset/0038027/Skills---LinkedIn-Data
              
              This data set is from LinkedIn and is for understanding the needs and trends in the labor market
              it includes data regarding the top 10 skills in demand for labor industries, labor growth trends for each industry,
              talent migration from different nations, and skill penetration amongst different industries.
              
        Identify who your customer/s would  be.
        
              The target customers would be recuruiters and talent agencies trying to keep up with trends in the labor market, as well as,
              individuals looking to change careers or enhance their skillsets to make themselves more marketable.
              
        Describe the problem that each proposed project solves and justify its need.
        
              The problem this project would look to address is adding transperency to the labor market to better enable those involved in
              the hiring process to understand the trends and growth of industries that they are hiring for. Also, to better inform the 
              individuals looking to find employment in these industries what the marketable skillsets are, as well as, where the growth is
              in each industry.
              
        State the product vision and how your web based project would be useful to society.
        
              Our product is for recruiters who are looking to stay current with hiring trends in different job fields and individuals 
              who are looking for new careers or to better their marketablility in their current feild. The product is designed to give 
              visulization tools for LinkedIn labor market data that will enable our customers to easily digest trend information to be 
              better able to meet the hiring demands of their company or see where to focus to make themselves more marketable to employers. 
              Unlike O*Net and other career guidance applicaitons our product visualizes current hiring trends for marketable technical and 
              buissness skills so that customers are up to date with the most current information available. 
              
        Identify the major features of each of the proposed projects.
        
              -enable visulization of skill demand by career field
              -enable visulization of growth by industry in a nation
              -enable visulization of migration of industry workers to or from a nation
              -enable visulization of skill penetration in different industries by year
              
    NEXT PERSON
    
     Matthew McLamb 
        data set 
          location :https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/average-daily-traffic-counts
          data set tells how many cars are on a street per day. it also states which direction they were going in.

        target customers 
          This will target business that want to put up billboards letting them know where the best locations for a billboard is.

        Problem sloved
          This sloves the question of where to put a billboard to get the most possible eyes on it per day on average we can also do based on when
          to let holoday targeted adds be sceen more during that time.

        product vision and how it is useful to socity 
          This product will help companies bring in more revenue letting them hire more people thus helping socity.
          This product would be used prior to putting up billboards to pick optimal location of the billboard based on time of year that they 
          have the most new customers letting them spread the word of there company during this time increasing customer base.

        Identify the major features 
          The major feature of this product is showing what traffic patterns are like for roads in Chicago IL. It would also let the user
          filter by time they want the views as during some times areas are more likely to get more traffic such as malls during december.
          It would also let the user see a graph of what days a street has the majority of its traffic as well as graphs showing by season.          
=======
    
    Reiley Meeks:
